Drop support for k8s 1.20-1.22 (stop testing against it) (#718)
jupyterhub/kubespawner: docs/source/changelog.md

### Breaking changes

> - Support for use against k8s 1.20-1.22 is no longer maintained, please upgrade
>   to k8s 1.23+ to ensure function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for K8s 1.20-1.22 is no longer maintained, please upgrade
  to k8s 1.23+ to ensure continued working.
```

Author: Continued working, sounds weird, is this an acceptable sentence?

Reviewer: Another option, "Versions of K8s older than 1.23 are no longer supported, they may work but this is not guaranteed"?
.
Anyway, go ahead and merge whatever wording you prefer.
